The enemy force ch ammunition as was supposed to be referred to when the war spontaumbly ended,
An evacuation sponsored by 2009, it has been living gas
The South and East of the Pacific Ocean, the 3rd Division, the 13th Division, the 26th Division, the 22nd Division, the 34th Division, the 49th Division, the 127th Division, and the 127th Division,
we have repented our own enemies by killing thousands of such troops.
In the Northern region, 6th Division, 8th Division, 13th Division, 19th Division, 21st Division, 27th Division, 50th Division, 93rd Division, 100th Division, 113rd Division,
113, 112, 114, 117, 140, 143, 44, and so on.
As a number of such ethnic groups,
we have been releasing armed forces to the other side of the country,
and we are now attacking our own territory.
In the north and south of the south,
the number of enemy forces has already increased to 50,000 or 60,000.
The number of enemy forces that have been killed
is probably more than the number of our sky
and is in the position of attacking the ground.
Therefore, the number of enemy aircraft or tanks
that have been captured
is almost unimaginable.
In addition, the east of the city of Joshu,
about 10 km from the capital,
about 150 trains are on the way,
and 12 km.
In the area of the high-speed train,
about 3 trains are on the way,
about 2,000 boxes,
and 6 tons of rice per day.
2,000 bags of wheat, 300 cans of gasoline,
and so on.
There is no time to organize these landmines,
and there is no time to organize these landmines.